add package.json hint (#6186)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/integrations-reference.mdx

});
```

When publishing your package (`@fancy/dashboard`, in this case) to npm, you must export `dashboard.astro` in your `package.json`:

> ```json {"exports"}

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
```json title="package.json" "exports"
``````

> When publishing your package (`@fancy/dashboard`, in this case) to npm, you must export `dashboard.astro` in your `package.json`. Otherwise, the file will be looked up in the project folder, which will cause a `no such file or directory` exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When publishing your package (`@fancy/dashboard`, in this case) to npm, you must export `dashboard.astro` in your `package.json`:
```
This is a case where I'm not sure all the negative information is helpful. If they follow the instructions, they shouldn't need to worry about how it could go wrong.

});
```

> When publishing the above mentioned example package `@fancy/dashboard` to npm, it's required to export the `dashboard.astro` file in the `package.json` export section as follows: `"exports": {"./dashboard.astro": "./dashboard.astro"}`. Otherwise, the file will be looked up in the project folder, which will cause a `no such file or directory` exception.

Reviewer 2: ``````suggestion
When publishing your package (`@fancy/dashboard`, in this case) to npm, you must export `dashboard.astro` in your `package.json`. Otherwise, the file will be looked up in the project folder, which will cause a `no such file or directory` exception.

```json {"exports"}
{
  "name": "@fancy/dashboard",
  // ...
  "exports": { "./dashboard.astro": "./dashboard.astro" }`
}
```
``````
